hey guys my name is david and you are
watching stories told
today i am going to explain a crime
thriller movie called burn
please be aware the video contains
spoilers the movie starts out with
melinda pulling up to a gas station
she gets out of her car for a smoke then
approaches a man who is filling up his
car
he's smoking a cigarette in melinda
warns him about the dangers of smoking
near the fuel pumps
the man doesn't really care about this
despite the large no smoking sign in the
background
she assures the man that there's no
problem with smoking itself rather than
the place he decided to have one
the man flips and yells at melinda that
he is not an idiot and he is very
cautious with his cigarette
she then leaves the man and enters the
gas station sheila the cashier tells her
that she needs to restock and clean the
toilets as well because diane forgot to
do it
she agrees to do it and quickly changes
to her work clothes
while restocking she approaches a
customer who is browsing through the
snacks
she tells him that the pistachios are
really good and she offers him a refund
if he doesn't like it she tells him her
name but the man seems rather
uninterested in her
while cleaning the toilets we can see
that melinda is looking at candid photos
of a cop in the gas station
a man walks in and scolds melinda that
this is the men's room and he can't use
it while she is in there
sheila is watching a video where
sophisticated ladies perform twerk she
baits melinda into doing an absolutely
cringe twerk but she secretly records it
and puts it on the internet all the
while a suspicious man pulls up to the
gas station
an elderly man walks in and he asks for
sheila at the cash register
he says that his name is fred and they
talked two days ago
sheila was complaining about her feet
hurting so fred got her some padded
insoles
melinda accepts the gift for her but
sheila doesn't want it she's saying that
he is there every night and she doesn't
want anything between the two of them
fred walks off disappointed but melinda
stops him on his way to his car
she says that the insoles fit her
perfectly to try to cheer the man up
the suspicious man that pulled in
earlier gets out of his car and hides
his revolver in the back of his pants
his name is billy melinda introduces
herself to him and he asks if there's
anyone else working in the store
he asks for cigarettes and a police car
shows up the cop who melinda stalked
earlier gets out of the car they seem to
know each other billy's tensely watching
the cop from inside he catches the eye
of sheila who walks up to him and asks
if he needs any help
he says that he is looking through
condoms sheila remarks that he has been
doing it for five minutes so she helps
him choose the condoms
outside melinda asks officer liu to take
her on a ride with his new cop car
he turns down her request because of his
strict schedule she jokes about getting
arrested purposefully so he could take
her in as a part of his job
he then promises to take her on a ride
later and goes in to get a coffee
billy goes to the bathroom while officer
lou is at the cash register
he jokes about sex-enhancing tablets
that were on the counter sheila then
notices melinda who is taking pictures
of the officer again and yells at her
she drops her phone officer lu sues her
that he has broken his phone as well
he gets a call and leaves immediately
sheila then shames melinda for taking
candid photos of people and tells her
that she is a creep
melinda goes out for a cigarette she's
on a verge of tears when she walks back
in she finds herself on the other end of
billy's revolver
he orders her to stand next to sheila
and states that he's not there to hurt
anybody
he starts to explain why he needs the
money that people are after him and want
to kill him
sheila is tired of him talking and asks
him to hurry up with the robbery he
demands all the money from both the
registers and the safe room
sheila tells him that they don't have
access to the safe room only the
managers do
in the cash register there's less than a
hundred dollars because people don't pay
with cash anymore
she asks if that's even a real gun this
annoys billy to the point where he fires
his gun melinda asks if the money's
gonna be enough for billy to pay off his
debt to the bikers
she decides to help him out and get all
the money from the safe
while she is packing the money two
customer walks in he asks sheila to
remain calm and don't make a scene
melinda looks in the mirror and
unbuttons her shirt to appeal to billy
the tension gets higher as she cannot
give change to the customer
billy's anxiously watching the situation
behind the shelves the guy asks for
directions and sheila writes him a paper
she also writes down to call 9-1-1 for
help as she tries to hand the note to
the guy melinda appears out of nowhere
and creases the paper
once they finally left billy walks to
the counter asking for the bag
melinda is hesitant to give him the
money and asks him where is he headed
after all this
she wants to go with him billy doesn't
really want to take her and they start
to argue over the money
he gets physical with melinda ultimately
taking the backpack sheila calls him out
for being a coward and bullying two
women with a gun
billy loses his temper and drags sheila
out from behind the counter
he orders melinda to lock the doors and
give him her phone
they go to one of the back rooms while
melinda walks to the front
disappointedly
she buttons her shirt back she grabs the
hot coffee and pours it on her hand
without a blink of an eye
she walks to the back room and pours it
all over billy's face
she then knocks him out with a fire
extinguisher
while falling billy pulled the trigger
accidentally killing sheila
when billy wakes up he notices that
melinda cleaned up and wrapped the body
of sheila in a tarp he states that he
had no intentions to kill anybody but
when he tries to stand up he notices
that he is tied to a chair
she sits in front of him calmly without
saying a word
she questions why he didn't take her
billy explains that the whole situation
is just crazy
melinda hasn't called the cops as she's
unsure of her plans
he explains that they are accomplices
and tries to convince her to untie him
she explains that they were on the same
team from the start
billy tries to convince her that he
didn't believe her at the first time he
asks her whether she is unhappy with her
life because she is working at a gas
station
then melinda starts to tell a manifesto
about the social benefits of gas station
billy says that his face really hurts
she grabs some painkillers from the
front while in the background we hear an
angry customer is trying to get inside
the gas station
they talk about the plan of getting out
together when melinda tells billy that
she has a boyfriend
he seems shocked about this she feeds
billy more painkillers he figures out
that she fed him sexual enhancers
instead of the painkillers he asked for
then melinda explains that she knows he
is lying to her and he wouldn't leave
with her
she blindfolds him and tries to rape him
somehow he breaks free and knocks
himself out running into the shelf
melinda walks out with the money she
seems disorientated she finally lets in
the guy who was banging on the door
earlier
he complains about the lack of coffee
she aims the gun at her head without the
guy noticing it but quickly changing her
mind she puts the gun down
she bursts into tears and tells the guy
to leave her alone
she calls 9-1-1 but perry sheila's
boyfriend walks in
he asks for sheila but melinda says that
she already left he tries calling her
phone and he can hear it buzzing on the
ground
he becomes suspicious of the whole
situation because his girlfriend can't
go two minutes without her phone
melinda tells him that sheila left with
a guy to a motel
he somehow believes her obvious lie and
leaves for the nearest motel
trying to hide her clues she runs
outside and grabs a shovel but the bike
gang pulls up to the gas station
they ask questions if anything happened
that night
they describe billy and ask whether he
was around or not melinda asks if they
do illegal things such as getting rid of
dead bodies
they are really persistent about going
in she pulls a gun on them and they also
pull a gun on her
their boss orders them to put the guns
down as there are cameras everywhere
he says that they're gonna take a look
around for their so-called friend and if
they don't find him they will surely
come back
once they left she walks back in trying
to break the lock to erase the camera
footage
being unsuccessful with her efforts she
goes out for a cigarette this gives her
the brilliant idea to burn the whole
place down
she fills up two canisters and brings it
back to the counter
as she's getting ready to pour the
gasoline all over the place officer lou
walks in with his gun pointing at her
he asks if she's seen anybody suspicious
he explains that billy's car is a stolen
one the one that he's been looking for
the keys are still in the ignition so
the driver must be nearby
he wants to check the tapes melinda
tells her that only diane has the keys
to the tape so he decides to call her
while he is on the phone she slips the
revolver into her pockets
melinda then explains that she in fact
saw a suspicious man she tells him that
the man she saw left for the motel in a
green jeep
before leaving officer liu wants to do a
quick sweep of the store
melinda becomes really frustrated almost
crying he checks every room in the back
and finds everything in order
melinda being very surprised by this
quickly hides the gun which he pointed
at the officer earlier
he gives her his phone number and leaves
to check out the motel
melinda checks the back room as well she
finds the room empty and the cable ties
which she used to tie billy up on the
floor
she then proceeds with her plan on
burning down the gas station
she hears some strange thudding from the
back and the lights go out
she can't go out in the front because
the photocell door isn't working
billy's back in the store yelling at
melinda she warns him about the gasoline
on the floor threatening to burn the
whole place down
perry pulls up banging on the front door
to let him in
she tries to escape in the back but
billy already left there and blocked the
exit with a dumpster
billy goes to the front telling perry
that melinda went crazy and she killed
sheila
while he is questioning melinda billy
tackles him from behind and kills him
he then takes perry's van she calls
officer lou but billy breaks the front
entrance with the van
she tries to apologize to billy but he
seeks revenge and he pulls the trigger
the gun was previously dropped in
gasoline so it lights on fire
he drops the gun which ignites the
gasoline on the floor as well
melinda escapes but she burns her legs
on the way out the police arrive and
officer liu escorts her to safety
thank you for watching if you enjoyed
the video please leave a like and
subscribe
thanks